Title: Live Content

Description: Fetched live

Source: https://nayepankh.com/

---

Home

About Us

Our Certificates

NewsPaper-Recognition

Donate

Home

About Us

Our Certificates

NewsPaper-Recognition

Donate

It's that easy to bring a Smile on Their Faces

Donate Now

We don't ask for much, just help us with what you can- Be it Money, Skill or Your Time

UP GOVERNMENT, 80G & 12A Registered NGO

About us

Think global, Act local.

"NayePankh Foundation" is a non governmental organisation with a strong desire to help the society and make it a better place for all, by doing everything in our power and to make our vision successful we would require your vital support. Service to mankind is the service to god. Let’s revolutionise the society together!.

LEARN MORE

OUR CERITIFICATES

Welcome to NayePankh Foundation

We are one of the Biggest Student led NGO of India with its operations extended in the city of Kanpur, Ghaziabad and various other cities.

UP GOVT. | 80G & 12A Registered

Join our

TEAM

"Join our team and make a difference in the lives of those in need. At NayePankh Foundation, we are committed to creating positive change and empowering communities. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to contribute your time, skills, and ideas to help make a real impact. Whether you are passionate about education, health, or providing support during times of crisis, there is a place for you on our team. Join us today and be a part of an organization that is making a difference, one person at a time."

JOIN US

"If we all do something, then together there is no problem that we cannot solve!"

PRASHANT SHUKLA

Founder & President, NayePankh Foundation

All our efforts are made possible only because of your support

Your donations are tax exempted under 80G of the Indian Income Tax Act

contact@nayepankh.com

Mobile No: +91- 8318500748

Get in touch

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Cancellation and Refund

Shipping and Exchange

Follow us

Contact Us